hey youtubers this is rob Moffat I want
to talk to you once again about items
you can find and sell for big bucks said
a lot of people don't know about this
item is Latin apiece when you go to
thrift stores I know you can find tons
of albums and if you're lucky you might
find a few that are worth few bucks on
ebay but surprisingly i met a friend of
mine used to work with at a flea market
and he was selling a lot of Stephanie
told me Sony bein we got talking he said
believe it or not the item he made the
most money and continues to make the
most money with our Latin LPS he goes to
thrift stores and where there's a lot of
albums and we live here in a South
Florida there's a large Latin community
and black people have records and they
they get rid of them because no one used
them anymore and they sit in the first
source and no one buys them most of
people looking for the album's really
aren't familiar with Latin music and he
says he's been able to make a ton of
money off Latin LPS and sell them on
eBay I did a little looking myself and I
was really shocked by the high prices
some of the albums are going for and the
frog large quantity if you do a search
for LP and music section on finished
items you get about 400,000 albums and
if you do just Latin LP you get about
6,000 but that means lat lat won't have
to be in the title there's a lot of
Latin LPS that don't have that word so
there's a really fun large amount of
Latin music that's being sold and now
you're going to say well you don't speak
spanish well you know my friend I told
you about it eat some turkey he doesn't
speak Spanish he just looks for stuff
that nobody else to sell it that he
could make a good profit on so you want
to check out these albums you learn a
little about about Latin music and when
you go to thrift store to see the
album's check them out and you might be
surprised if you liked this tip I hope
you could you subscribe and I have a
little book I sell on amazon kindle on
on my ebay site on selling an ebay it's
only a few dollars if if you were
interested check it out and I hope to
come back again I'm going to
a lot more things on ebay you can make
money with that not a lot of people know
about and I hope you enjoy thanks